Don't worry, you two
I am the first disciple of Elder Lin Nian, Lin Yunfeng, Tianyuan Gate
Big disciple hunting tour
Together with my junior sister, I specialize in punishing evil and promoting good
It seems that after changing space and time and cause and effect
They don't know me anymore.
What a coincidence!
The two of us just happened to be going to Tianyuan Gate to worship
The two of you from Tianyuanmen actually went to Tianyuanmen
What a coincidence
My senior brother and I happened to be practicing at Tianyuanmen
This time coincides with the three-year acceptance of disciples by Tianyumen
If you are in love with the Tao Dharma
Nako go up the mountain
First division hum, forget it, junior sister
You didn't see that these two are weak
Can't even beat a bandit
What do you mean you can't even beat a bandit?
What does the second brother have to do?
Ahhh
Big brother, the wind is blowing!
Where did the demon wind come from?
This person seems ordinary
Is he a master?